Migration guide for component theme update (#11489)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/component-theme-normalization.md

---

> title: Component Theme Normalization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Component theme normalization
```

description: >-

>   `CardTheme`, `DialogTheme`, and `TabBarTheme` has been normalized to follow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `CardTheme`, `DialogTheme`, and `TabBarTheme` have been normalized to follow
```

>   the Flutter's convention for component themes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Flutter's convention for component themes.
```

---

## Summary

> `CardTheme`, `DialogTheme` and `TabBarTheme` have been refactored to make them
> conform to Flutter's conventions for component themes. `CardThemeData`, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`CardTheme`, `DialogTheme` and `TabBarTheme` were refactored to 
conform to Flutter's conventions for component themes. `CardThemeData`, 
```

`DialogThemeData` and `TabBarThemeData` were added to define overrides for the
defaults of the component visual properties. Future releases will continue to

> normalize component themes like these for more consistent theming experience in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
normalize component themes like these for a more consistent theming experience in
```
